Add documentation for adding sidecar injector webhook annotations in 1.4 (#7101)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/additional-setup/cni/index.md

| Red Hat OpenShift 3.10+ | _(none)_ | _(none)_ |
| Red Hat OpenShift 4.2+ | `--set components.cni.namespace=kube-system --set values.cni.cniBinDir=/var/lib/cni/bin --set values.cni.cniConfDir=/etc/cni/multus/net.d --set values.cni.chained=false --set values.cni.cniConfFileName="istio-cni.conf" --set values.sidecarInjectorWebhook.injectedAnnotations."k8s\.v1\.cni\.cncf\.io/networks"=istio-cni` | _(none)_ |

#### Istioctl support in 1.4.8+ for OpenShift 4.2+

Istioctl in 1.4.8+ does not support [escaping strings](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/19196). To install on
OpenShift 4.2+ you will need to create a file and pass that into istioctl:

cni-annotations.yaml
```yaml
global:
  sidecarInjectorWebhook:
    injectedAnnotations:

>       "k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks": istio-cni

Author: I wasn't able to get this to be applied. Tried various other settings like

```yaml
sidecarInjectorWebhook:
  injectedAnnotations:
    "k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks": istio-cni
```

| Red Hat OpenShift 3.10+ | _(none)_ | _(none)_ |
| Red Hat OpenShift 4.2+ | `--set components.cni.namespace=kube-system --set values.cni.cniBinDir=/var/lib/cni/bin --set values.cni.cniConfDir=/etc/cni/multus/net.d --set values.cni.chained=false --set values.cni.cniConfFileName="istio-cni.conf" --set values.sidecarInjectorWebhook.injectedAnnotations."k8s\.v1\.cni\.cncf\.io/networks"=istio-cni` | _(none)_ |

> #### Istioctl support in 1.4.8+ for OpenShift 4.2+

Reviewer: I'm not good with English, but I would say something like `Instructions for Istio 1.4 and OpenShift`.

Then I'd add a note stating that Docs for 1.4 are outdated.

Author: Done.

> Istioctl in 1.4.8+ does not support [escaping strings](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/19196). To install on

Reviewer: I'd rephrase that to something like `Due to a limitation in istioctl 1.4, you need to create a file and pass that file to istioctl`.

Author: I like that a lot better.

OpenShift 4.2+ you will need to create a file and pass that into istioctl:

cni-annotations.yaml
```yaml
apiVersion: install.istio.io/v1alpha1
kind: IstioOperator
spec:
  components:

>     cni:

Reviewer 2: {{< text yaml >}}
cat <<EOF> cni-annotations.yaml
apiVersion: install.istio.io/v1alpha1
kind: IstioOperator
spec:
  components:
    cni:
      enabled: true
      namespace: kube-system
    values:
      cni:
        chained: false
        cniBinDir: /var/lib/cni/bin
        cniConfDir: /etc/cni/multus/net.d
        cniConfFileName: istio-cni.conf
      sidecarInjectorWebhook:
        injectedAnnotations:
          "k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks": istio-cni
EOF
{{< /text >}}

Reviewer 2: Well, I though I submitted a change suggestion. Trying again. Maybe it doesn't work in this case.

Reviewer 2: Anyway, the thought was to replace that snippet with a text yaml (and get the single line requirement correct) so one can copy and paste to get the file created. This also removed the file name spelling issue.

Then the file is used on the next line.

      enabled: true
      namespace: kube-system
  values:
    cni:
      chained: false
      cniBinDir: /var/lib/cni/bin
      cniConfDir: /etc/cni/multus/net.d
      cniConfFileName: istio-cni.conf
    sidecarInjectorWebhook:
      injectedAnnotations:
        "k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks": istio-cni

> ```

Reviewer 2: {{< text yaml >}}
cat < cni-annotations.yaml
apiVersion: install.istio.io/v1alpha1
kind: IstioOperator
spec:
components:
cni:
enabled: true
namespace: kube-system
values:
cni:
chained: false
cniBinDir: /var/lib/cni/bin
cniConfDir: /etc/cni/multus/net.d
cniConfFileName: istio-cni.conf
sidecarInjectorWebhook:
injectedAnnotations:
"k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks": istio-cni
EOF
{{< /text >}}

> Then passing in the file in as an argument `-f cni-annotations.yaml`

Reviewer 2: I'm making an assumption that people want to add more to their command lines than just this flag, else you could use a text bash to make something like `istioctl manifest generate -f cni-annotations.yaml` or whatever form the command is to simplify cut/paste.

Author: Hopefully I made it more clear that other variables can be set or changed when doing an install. Need further review.

| Red Hat OpenShift 3.10+ | _(none)_ | _(none)_ |
| Red Hat OpenShift 4.2+ | `--set components.cni.namespace=kube-system --set values.cni.cniBinDir=/var/lib/cni/bin --set values.cni.cniConfDir=/etc/cni/multus/net.d --set values.cni.chained=false --set values.cni.cniConfFileName="istio-cni.conf" --set values.sidecarInjectorWebhook.injectedAnnotations."k8s\.v1\.cni\.cncf\.io/networks"=istio-cni` | _(none)_ |

#### Instructions for Istio 1.4.x and OpenShift

Due to a [limitation](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/19196) in `istioctl` 1.4.x, you will need to create a file and
pass that file to `istioctl`. The documentation for Istio 1.4.x is out of date for OpenShift installation.

{{< text yaml >}}

> cat <<'EOF' > cni-annotations.yaml

Reviewer: Did you actually try these instructions? I get this error: `could not unmarshal the overlay file: unknown field "components" in v1alpha2.IstioControlPlaneSpec`

This file works with `istioctl manifest`:
```yaml
apiVersion: install.istio.io/v1alpha1
kind: IstioOperator
spec:
  cni:
    enabled: true
    components:
      cni:
        namespace: kube-system
  values:
    cni:
      chained: false
      cniBinDir: /var/lib/cni/bin
      cniConfDir: /etc/cni/multus/net.d
      cniConfFileName: istio-cni.conf
    sidecarInjectorWebhook:
      injectedAnnotations:
        "k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks": istio-cni
```

Author: My mistake. Turns out I had istioctl 1.5 in my path. Updated. I'll verify again before it goes live.

apiVersion: install.istio.io/v1alpha1
kind: IstioOperator
spec:
  components:
    cni:
      enabled: true
      namespace: kube-system
  values:
    cni:
      chained: false
      cniBinDir: /var/lib/cni/bin
      cniConfDir: /etc/cni/multus/net.d
      cniConfFileName: istio-cni.conf
    sidecarInjectorWebhook:
      injectedAnnotations:
        "k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks": istio-cni
EOF
{{< /text >}}

> Then passing in the file in as an argument to istioctl: `-f cni-annotations.yaml`. The use of `--set` with custom

Reviewer: What about this:

Then pass in this file as an argument to `istioctl`, for example: `istioctl manifest apply -f cni-annotations.yaml`. You can still pass other command line arguments with `--set` if you need to.

I'd also put a warning like this:
```
    {{< warning >}}
    In order to deploy Istio 1.4 on OpenShift with CNI you need to use at least Istio 1.4.8.
    {{< /warning >}}
```

| Red Hat OpenShift 3.10+ | _(none)_ | _(none)_ |
| Red Hat OpenShift 4.2+ | `--set components.cni.namespace=kube-system --set values.cni.cniBinDir=/var/lib/cni/bin --set values.cni.cniConfDir=/etc/cni/multus/net.d --set values.cni.chained=false --set values.cni.cniConfFileName="istio-cni.conf" --set values.sidecarInjectorWebhook.injectedAnnotations."k8s\.v1\.cni\.cncf\.io/networks"=istio-cni` | _(none)_ |

#### Instructions for Istio 1.4.x and OpenShift

> Due to a [limitation](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/19196) in `istioctl` 1.4.x, you will need to create a file and
> pass that file to `istioctl`. The documentation for Istio 1.4.x is out of date for OpenShift installation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Due to a [limitation](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/19196) in `istioctl` 1.4.x, CNI will not work properly with the
default installation of Istio on OpenShift. To work around this problem, create the following YAML file:
```

{{< text yaml >}}
cat <<'EOF' > cni-annotations.yaml
apiVersion: install.istio.io/v1alpha1
kind: IstioOperator
spec:
  cni:
    enabled: true
    components:
      cni:
        namespace: kube-system
  values:
    cni:
      chained: false
      cniBinDir: /var/lib/cni/bin
      cniConfDir: /etc/cni/multus/net.d
      cniConfFileName: istio-cni.conf
    sidecarInjectorWebhook:
      injectedAnnotations:
        "k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks": istio-cni
EOF
{{< /text >}}

> Then pass in this file as an argument to `istioctl`, for example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Then pass this file as an argument to `istioctl`, for example:
```

{{< text bash >}}
$ istioctl manifest apply -f cni-annotations.yaml
{{< /text >}}

> You can still pass other command line arguments with `--set` if you need to.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can pass other command line arguments with `--set` if necessary.
```

#### Instructions for Istio 1.4.x and OpenShift

Due to a [limitation](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/19196) in `istioctl` 1.4.x, you will need to create a file and
pass that file to `istioctl`. The documentation for Istio 1.4.x is out of date for OpenShift installation.

{{< text yaml >}}
cat <<'EOF' > cni-annotations.yaml
apiVersion: install.istio.io/v1alpha1
kind: IstioOperator
spec:
  cni:
    enabled: true
    components:
      cni:
        namespace: kube-system
  values:
    cni:
      chained: false
      cniBinDir: /var/lib/cni/bin
      cniConfDir: /etc/cni/multus/net.d
      cniConfFileName: istio-cni.conf
    sidecarInjectorWebhook:
      injectedAnnotations:
        "k8s.v1.cni.cncf.io/networks": istio-cni
EOF
{{< /text >}}

Then passing in the file in as an argument to istioctl: `-f cni-annotations.yaml`. The use of `--set` with custom
variables can be appended to your use of istioctl.

> Then pass in this file as an argument to istioctl, for example:

Reviewer: You forgot to delete the section above, thus this is duplicate. Also, guard `istioctl` with `. You can see the preview at https://deploy-preview-7101--preliminary-istio.netlify.app/
